okay where folks were at the next
success booth here at the consumer
electronics show in las vegas would but
david and what kind of products do you
make you did various laptop stands and
this one in particular is the lv 05 and
it's made of 100-percent aluminum
we had four different colors we have
several on one hundred percent aluminum
yes it makes it lightweight it's very
lightweight about two pounds and it's
eco-friendly which is great these times
very easy setup
you have two legs you just pull out and
clicks you know it's locked oh yeah
we're choosing very very easy the legs
only go one way so you can't make a
mistake they just go slowly both sides
off
turn it over on a flat surface
you adjust the angle so you set it up
like on a bed or go those greens emit I
person like it for the bed but you can
use it on on the beach on my language I
took my laptop to the beach once and
some guy threaten the kicks and alas I
to put it away so once you have the
desired angle there's a look over here
you just press it down boger and you
have your desired angle it's pretty cool
you have a mouse pad I want you to wear
those clothes as a couple cup holder
holder yeah just hold around it's
awesome so you can place your cup and
your mouse pad so this one exactly do
you call this one it's the lv 05 feel
the / 05 but like what's the like
technical term I just it's the laptop
tree the laptop stand laptop stand here
it is it next success and you have some
other products to you show me those
David also a laptop stand okay we have
another product here another laptop
stand in the LD 09 the LD 09 still
folded down version of the next success
laptop Stan first of all it comes in
varying it's about five pounds very very
nice like a failure yep these are two
this is the folded version but
with two fans over here powered by a USB
in the back i'll show you the setup and
i'll show you soooo because those fans
powered but fans car by us beach
basically plug in the USB into your
computer and the computer powers
everything got it so do you set this up
so you have the legs which are locked I
knew as you pulled them out and there's
a lock over here okay and it's lockers
produce very very easy the leg use are
you the legs are adjustable by just
looking so does different heights you
canna do is just a taller person and I
needed higher so once they're locked in
you just turn over to see here this is
the USB that comes with and you plug it
in over here this little USB port plug
it in when I'm USB to the fam yep
connect the USB to your computer and you
guys ready to fix it I get in there so
you turn over let's go up on so
oh there we go there you go so this is
if you'd like it you can stand it up
like this but as well we have different
angles as well you want to come around
alrighty like bloob bloob you can adjust
the angle she do it with desired angle
here are the two fans you plug in the
USB from behind you plug in the computer
and the computer powers everything does
it use a lot of power off of your USB
there's no sound so that's why the
whisper fan yeah how much does it cost
through 4995 4995 it that's pretty
reasonable for sure yet I think really
reason we marry you have a spot fear
your house and again the couple during a
10 / great great and we're going to get
one you can get one s www.x success com
it's www next success com you can order
them online can you give in retail
stores or anything they're small effect
stores but mainly online and we're
always looking for new distributor how
much does the aluminum one Costigan
retails at 3995 3995 great yeah yeah
yesterday I saw one other product it was
kind of a minute the mini stand stick
that up mini licensed mini me let's head
for the Mini Cooper that's that's pretty
cool the mini standing can you stand oh
yes what do you call this one the Mini
Cooper school 20 stride one but they're
too small LD 07 is they'll be 0 so seen
on Stephanie have the fan powered by the
USB again this can adjust depending on
those beater keeping your computer cool
what does that do for you basically a
lot of people have problem computer
battery overheating sometimes even
causing fires yeah really hurts hurts
your computer's light the battery life
diminish the battery life this way you
can keep it last longer stronger this is
this one cause I'm not a distributor but
just just for the average about fifteen
dollars that's
pc enthusiasts out there about 15 bucks
basically it has pretty reasonable get
the rubber stoppers so you can place it
over here near sure sure on the back you
have the legs so you just pull them out
and you have nice angle so it's good for
wrist action so you don't arrest just
place the computer right on top you're
ready to go
great it thanks this is david from next
success and you can pick up these
products at nicks success com thanks
David have a great appreciate you just
press it down go here and you have your
desired angle it's pretty cool you have
a mouse pad so there we go there you go
so this is if you'd like it you can
stand it up like this but as well we
have different angles as well